how-to: optimize pd operation and upgrade monitor version (#1989)
pingcap/docs: how-to/scale/with-ansible.md

    ansible-playbook stop.yml -l 172.16.10.2
    ```

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > In this case, you can stop the services on node2 with only PD nodes on the `172.16.10.2` server. If there are any other services, (for instance, `TiDB`), use `-t` to specify the service (such as `-t tidb`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > In this example, you can only stop the PD service on node2. If there are any other services deployed with the IP address `172.16.10.2`, use the `-t` option to specify the service (such as `-t tidb`).
```

    | node8 | 172.16.10.8 | TiKV3 |
    | node9 | 172.16.10.9 | TiKV4 |

5. Update the cluster configuration:

    ```
    ansible-playbook deploy.yml
    ```

6. Restart the Prometheus, and disable the monitoring of Pd nodes used for increasing the capacity:

    ```
    ansible-playbook stop.yml --tags=prometheus
    ansible-playbook start.yml --tags=prometheus
    ```

7. To monitor the status of the entire cluster, open a browser to access the monitoring platform: `http://172.16.10.3:3000`.

> **Note:**
>

> > The PD Client in TiKV caches PD node list. The list is updated only if the PD leader is switched or the TiKV is restarted to load the latest configuration. After operations of increasing or decreasing the capacity of a PD node, there should be two existing nodes as the members of the PD cluster before the operations to avoid the stale PD node list. If this condition is not met, perform the PD transfer leader operation manually to update the PD node list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The PD Client in TiKV caches the list of PD nodes. Currently, the list is updated only if the PD leader is switched or the TiKV server is restarted to load the latest configuration. To avoid TiKV caching an outdated list, there should be at least two existing PD members in the PD cluster after increasing or decreasing the capacity of a PD node. If this condition is not met, transfer the PD leader manually to update the list of PD nodes.
```
